README.md, before:

## WELCOME to Novita's Data Science Portofolio

**Down List Project**
 Beberapa project adan study case list sementara :
 
1. Project 1 [Clustering] Sanbercode 1
2. Project 2 [Clustering] E-Commerce Brasil by Olist
3. Project 3 [Clustering] Keeping Unit Stock (Prediction Unit Stock Company)
4. Project 4 [Regression] Car Price Prediction



# [Project 1 Capstone Clustering the Countries by using K-Means for HELP International](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/blob/main/Project1_Clustering/Clustering_1.ipynb)


![test](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/media/2019/06/30/USATODAY/usatsports/247WallSt.com-247WS-557266-burundi.jpg?crop=1365,768,x0,y0&width=660&height=372&format=pjpg&auto=webp)

### Objective: 

To categorize countries using socio-economic and health factors that determine the overall development of the country.

### About Organization:

HELP International is an international humanitarian NGO committed to fighting poverty and providing basic facilities and assistance to people in underdeveloped countries during disasters and natural disasters.

### Problems:

HELP International has raised approximately $10 million. Today, NGO CEOs need to decide how to use this money strategically and effectively. So, the CEO must make the decision to select the countries that need the most help. Therefore, your task is to categorize countries using several socioeconomic and health factors that determine the overall development of the country. Then you need to suggest which countries the CEO needs to focus the most on. 

### Discussion :
for the further information about the answer, you can **[click](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/blob/main/Project1_Clustering/Clustering_1.ipynb)** the title. 


# [Project Capstone 2 Capstone E-Commerce Brasil oleh Olist](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Portofolio-Data-/blob/main/Project2_Capstone/Capstone%20E-Commerce%20Brasil%20oleh%20Olist.ipynb)

![](https://cdn3.f-cdn.com//files/download/40381066/c27666.jpg)
### Study Case:

### Discussion :
for the further information about the answer, you can **[click](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Portofolio-Data-/blob/main/Project2_Capstone/Capstone%20E-Commerce%20Brasil%20oleh%20Olist.ipynb)**

# [Project Capstone 3 Keep Stock Unit](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Portofolio-Data-/blob/main/Project3_Clustering%20Unit%20Stock/Project2_Clustering_Stock_unit.ipynb)
![](https://st2.depositphotos.com/2547605/44338/v/600/depositphotos_443380256-stock-illustration-sku-stock-keeping-unit-acronym.jpg)
### Study Case :

### Discussion :
for the further information about the answer, you can **[click](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Portofolio-Data-/blob/main/Project3_Clustering%20Unit%20Stock/Project2_Clustering_Stock_unit.ipynb)**

# [Project Capstone 4 Regression Car Price Prediction](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Portofolio-Data-/blob/main/Project4_Regression_Prediction%20Car%20Price/Capstone_International_Certificated_Car_Price_Regression_Novita.ipynb)

![](https://miro.medium.com/max/648/1*kQBj7l-Y1WPZfX9nKIYL1Q.jpeg)
### Study Case :
A Chinese automaker Aspiring to enter the US market by setting up their manufacturing unit there and producing cars locally to provide competition in the United States region. have contracted with a car consulting firm to understand the factors on which their car is priced. In particular, they want to understand the factors that affect the price of cars in the American market, as it may be very different from the Chinese market.

### Discussion :
Data understanding and exploration :
The column“Price” is the target variable and rest of the columns are independent variables.
The independent variables are again divided into Categorical and Numerical variables.
Numerical variables: [‘wheelbase’, ‘carlength’, ‘carwidth’, ‘carheight’, ‘curbweight’, ‘enginesize’, ‘boreratio’, ‘stroke’, ‘compressionratio’, ‘horsepower’, ‘peakrpm’, ‘citympg’, ‘highwaympg’]
Categorical variables: [‘symboling’, ‘fueltype’, ‘aspiration’, ‘doornumber’, ‘carbody’, ‘drivewheel’, ‘enginelocation’, ‘enginetype’, ‘cylindernumber’, ‘fuelsystem’ ‘car_name’]

for the further information about the answer, you can **[click](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Portofolio-Data-/blob/main/Project4_Regression_Prediction%20Car%20Price/Capstone_International_Certificated_Car_Price_Regression_Novita.ipynb)**

# [Managing data with sql query and python](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/tree/main/Project_Databased)

# [Statistics and Data Essentials1](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/blob/main/Statistics%20and%20Data%20Essentials1.ipynb)

# [Make prediction with Statistic Study Case](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/blob/main/Make%20prediction%20with%20Statistic%20Study%20Case.ipynb)

# [Study Case 1](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/blob/main/Jawaban%20Python%20Basics%20Study%20case.ipynb)
Pengerjaan study case dasar 

# [Study Case 2](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/blob/main/Jawab%20Study%20Case.ipynb)
pengerjaan study case yang lebih lanjut daripada study case yang pertama, disini lebih ke algoritma arithmatika

Commit message:

added some description of the project

README.md, after:

## WELCOME to Novita's Data Science Portofolio

**Down List Project**
 Beberapa project adan study case list sementara :
 
1. Project 1 [Clustering] Sanbercode 1
2. Project 2 [Clustering] E-Commerce Brasil by Olist
3. Project 3 [Clustering] Keeping Unit Stock (Prediction Unit Stock Company)
4. Project 4 [Regression] Car Price Prediction



# [Project 1 Capstone Clustering the Countries by using K-Means for HELP International](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/blob/main/Project1_Clustering/Clustering_1.ipynb)


![test](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/media/2019/06/30/USATODAY/usatsports/247WallSt.com-247WS-557266-burundi.jpg?crop=1365,768,x0,y0&width=660&height=372&format=pjpg&auto=webp)

### Objective: 

To categorize countries using socio-economic and health factors that determine the overall development of the country.

### About Organization:

HELP International is an international humanitarian NGO committed to fighting poverty and providing basic facilities and assistance to people in underdeveloped countries during disasters and natural disasters.

### Problems:

HELP International has raised approximately $10 million. Today, NGO CEOs need to decide how to use this money strategically and effectively. So, the CEO must make the decision to select the countries that need the most help. Therefore, your task is to categorize countries using several socioeconomic and health factors that determine the overall development of the country. Then you need to suggest which countries the CEO needs to focus the most on. 

### Discussion :
for the further information about the answer, you can **[click](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/blob/main/Project1_Clustering/Clustering_1.ipynb)** the title. 


# [Project Capstone 2 Capstone E-Commerce Brasil By Olist](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Portofolio-Data-/blob/main/Project2_Capstone/Capstone%20E-Commerce%20Brasil%20oleh%20Olist.ipynb)

![](https://cdn3.f-cdn.com//files/download/40381066/c27666.jpg)
### Study Case:

Welcome! This is a Brazilian ecommerce public dataset of orders made at Olist Store. The dataset has information of 100k orders from 2016 to 2018 made at multiple marketplaces in Brazil. Its features allows viewing an order from multiple dimensions: from order status, price, payment and freight performance to customer location, product attributes and finally reviews written by customers. We also released a geolocation dataset that relates Brazilian zip codes to lat/lng coordinates.

This is real commercial data, it has been anonymised, and references to the companies and partners in the review text have been replaced with the names of Game of Thrones great houses.

### Dataset :

This project use dataset that generously provided by Olist, the largest department store in Brazilian marketplaces. Olist connects small businesses from all over Brazil to channels without hassle and with a single contract. Those merchants are able to sell their products through the Olist Store and ship them directly to the customers using Olist logistics partners. See more on website: www.olist.com

After a customer purchases the product from Olist Store a seller gets notified to fulfill that order. Once the customer receives the product, or the estimated delivery date is due, the customer gets a satisfaction survey by email where he can give a note for the purchase experience and write down some comments.

### Attention :
1. An order might have multiple items.
2. Each item might be fulfilled by a distinct seller.
3. All text identifying stores and partners where replaced by the names of Game of Thrones great houses.

### Discussion :
for the further information about the answer, you can **[click](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Portofolio-Data-/blob/main/Project2_Capstone/Capstone%20E-Commerce%20Brasil%20oleh%20Olist.ipynb)**

# [Project Capstone 3 Keep Stock Unit](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Portofolio-Data-/blob/main/Project3_Clustering%20Unit%20Stock/Project2_Clustering_Stock_unit.ipynb)
![](https://st2.depositphotos.com/2547605/44338/v/600/depositphotos_443380256-stock-illustration-sku-stock-keeping-unit-acronym.jpg)
### Study Case :

here we are looking for products that have the opportunity to provide greater profits to the company in terms of market stock (quantity, quality)

### Discussion :
for the further information about the answer, you can **[click](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Portofolio-Data-/blob/main/Project3_Clustering%20Unit%20Stock/Project2_Clustering_Stock_unit.ipynb)**

# [Project Capstone 4 Regression Car Price Prediction](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Portofolio-Data-/blob/main/Project4_Regression_Prediction%20Car%20Price/Capstone_International_Certificated_Car_Price_Regression_Novita.ipynb)

![](https://miro.medium.com/max/648/1*kQBj7l-Y1WPZfX9nKIYL1Q.jpeg)
### Study Case :
A Chinese automaker Aspiring to enter the US market by setting up their manufacturing unit there and producing cars locally to provide competition in the United States region. have contracted with a car consulting firm to understand the factors on which their car is priced. In particular, they want to understand the factors that affect the price of cars in the American market, as it may be very different from the Chinese market.

### Discussion :

Data understanding and exploration :

The column “Price” is the target variable and rest of the columns are independent variables.

The independent variables are again divided into Categorical and Numerical variables.

Numerical variables: [‘wheelbase’, ‘carlength’, ‘carwidth’, ‘carheight’, ‘curbweight’, ‘enginesize’, ‘boreratio’, ‘stroke’, ‘compressionratio’, ‘horsepower’, ‘peakrpm’, ‘citympg’, ‘highwaympg’]
Categorical variables: [‘symboling’, ‘fueltype’, ‘aspiration’, ‘doornumber’, ‘carbody’, ‘drivewheel’, ‘enginelocation’, ‘enginetype’, ‘cylindernumber’, ‘fuelsystem’ ‘car_name’]

for the further information about the answer, you can **[click](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Portofolio-Data-/blob/main/Project4_Regression_Prediction%20Car%20Price/Capstone_International_Certificated_Car_Price_Regression_Novita.ipynb)**

# [Managing data with sql query and python](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/tree/main/Project_Databased)

# [Statistics and Data Essentials1](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/blob/main/Statistics%20and%20Data%20Essentials1.ipynb)

# [Make prediction with Statistic Study Case](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/blob/main/Make%20prediction%20with%20Statistic%20Study%20Case.ipynb)

# [Study Case 1](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/blob/main/Jawaban%20Python%20Basics%20Study%20case.ipynb)
Pengerjaan study case dasar 

# [Study Case 2](https://github.com/NovitaDian20/Nov_Portofolio_DataScience/blob/main/Jawab%20Study%20Case.ipynb)
pengerjaan study case yang lebih lanjut daripada study case yang pertama, disini lebih ke algoritma arithmatika
